All right guys so in the last video I gave you a little challenge I wanted you to replace the certain
divs with each team of five semantic tags to just make it more accessible more organized.
And I did the first one for you which is the div with the idea of header.
So we use the header tag here.
So the next one is pretty obvious.
We have a div with the idea of main that goes around.
Let's take a look at the project goes around all of this area which is basically the main content of
the page.
So that would be replaced with the main tag.
So this ends.
Like I said you can click on a div and it ends here.
So we want to change the ending div.
And we want to change the starting div.
OK.
So that's the first one.
Next one is gonna be in here we have the welcome section which ends right here.
So this this is actually going to be a section.
OK.
So we're gonna change that and we're going to change that to Section.
Next we have the blog section.
Now this ends right here so we're gonna change this section and change that section.
Now within the blog we have some articles.
So did with the class of article.
So these are gonna be changed to article I'm going to cover.
I'm going to select the div right here and then do a controlled D.
I'm also going to get the next one and the next one.
OK.
So just some shortcuts here.
We're gonna change all of these to article OK so the next thing is the sidebar.
Now remember a site is for content that's not the main content but it's on the page we have navigation
we have contact stuff here.
So we're gonna grab this div right here along with the ending div and put in a side.
Now the well the way that NAV works is we don't actually replace the well we wrap the L and NAV tags
so let's say oops let's do NAV and then we'll grab this and I'll just hold option or alter and then
the upper key and just move it up into the nav.
Okay.
And then the last thing is going to be the footer which I want to replace the div here with footer and
let's save and if we take a look at the result it looks the exact same.
All right.
So if any of what we've talked about has been confusing don't worry about it we're gonna be doing this
stuff all along throughout the course.
So you're going to get the hang of it.
If what we've talked about has been painfully easy for you Don't worry about it.
Things are going to get more complicated.
I just want to start from absolute scratch for people that that have never even written a paragraph
tag before.
So hopefully hopefully both sides are somewhat satisfied hopefully that you're you're starting to get
it if you're an absolute beginner and hope flat and bore you to death if your more advanced front end
developer.
All right.
So in the next video or I'm sorry in the next section we're going to jump in to see assess basics.
So we're going to start to talk about all the basic properties for colors and padding and margin and
the box model.
We're going to look at things like positioning different types of positioning relative absolute and
a whole bunch of other stuff.
So that's it.
I'll see you in the next section.